position 7 is at the intersection of the yellow and grey floored halls.
Go away from the lamp to the intersection of the red brick and wood. take a left onto the wood.  position one is one section down at the bench.
with your back to the wall turn left. move to the brick alley and turn right. move forward past the lamp and hatrack. turn right at the stone floor. move forward two alleys. to your left and right is green octagon flooring and an easel is in front of you. this is 2.
Follow the yellow path towards the chair. when the hall ends, take a right. go straight. when the hall ends again, take another right. at the end of this hall is position 3.
with your back to the easel and the chair to your right move one alley. turn left and move onto the brick floor. walk past the hatrack and the lamp to the wooden flooring. turn left and move to the chair. this is 1.
turn to face the black corridor with the towers on both sides of the walls. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward once.
Go towards an intersection with a red brick road.  Turn towards the direction on this path which leads to butterflies on the wall.  When you reach an intersection with a wood path, turn left.  Once you hit a intersection with a bench, you are at position 1.
Follow the yellow path until it crosses the black. take a left onto the black path and the next intersection should be position 6.
go straight until you get to the grey floor. then take a left and take the hall all the way down to the dead end.
take the pink path to the red brick intersection. go right on red brick. go all the way to the wood intersection. go left on wood. position one is where the bench is.
take a left down the red hall. then turn onto the wood floor hall. then 1 has a bench on its spot.
Take the yellow path towards the end of the hall that's farthest away. one intersection down is 6.
Face the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward two segments along the yellow-tiled hall to the intersection with the stone hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with  a bare concrete hall. There is a bench in the hall to your right. This is Position 6.
down the grey hall to the red hall. a left at the red hall. down the red hall. then another left onto the wooden hall. and then position 1 has a bench.
turn to face the honeycomb yellow floor. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once.
Go towards the intersection of the black path and the brick path.  Take a left onto the brick patch and go all the way down until you get to where there are butterflies on the wall.  Position 5 is one stop before the intersection of the red brick and the wood.
face the longer end of the fish hallway with no pnk on the florr. follow this all the way down.
Go forward one segment to the stool. Turn left. Go forward two segments, passing the chair. Turn left. You will now be facing the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward three segments to the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn right toward the hatrack visible ahead. Go forward about two segments to the intersection containing the hatrack. The floor of this hall is brick. Turn left into this hall. Go forward three segments, passing the lamp. One section past the lamp, you will reach a 'T' intersection with a bare concrete hall. This hall will be empty. This is Position 5.
turn to face the black corridor where you can see a painting easel at the end and pictures of butterflys on both sides of the walls. walk forward once.
move toward the longer end of the hallway. make the first rt. go down make the first rt. go down make the first rt. go down make the first left. go till the aesal is on your right.
take the red hall to the grey hall. and the grey hall to the yellow hall, at the intersection.
with your back to the wall move along the flowered carpet one block. turn left at the hatrack and move to the end of the aisle. turn left at the gray stone carpet and move to the alley with octagon flooring on either side. you are looking at an easel. turn left. move forward and turn right at the corner. move past the chair to the stool. turn right and go to the dead end. this is 3.
turn to face the pink hallway. walk forward once. turn to the right. walk forward four times. turn left. walk forward once.
go down the yellow hall. then stop at the intersection of the yellow and the grey.
go straight until you get to the intersection of the grey and yellow halls with fish on the walls.
Orient yourself along the yellow-tiled hall with the easel in the stone hall to your left. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the brick hall. This interesction contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward four segments to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. Turn left.Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete flor. There is a bench in this intersection. This is Position 1.
Go straight unitl the end of the hall, here, take a left and go straight again until the end of the hall.  Take another left here.  At the first intersection, go right.  Now, you will be looking for a pink flowered path.  When you reach this path, take a left onto it.  Position 4 will be at the end of the path where the pink path is intersected by a blue path.
Go all the way until the intersection of black road. go right onto the black. go to the intersection with black and yellow. go left onto the yellow. when hall ends, go right. when hall ends again, go right. the end of this hall is 3.      "
Go straight until hall ends. take left. take another left when the hall ends again. the first intersection at the black  will be position 6.
with your back to the wall turn left. walk along the flowered carpet to the red brick side alleys. it is one block before the end. turn left and walk one block past the lamp. to your right you should see an alley with grey carpet. this is 5.
with your back to the wall move forward to the second alley. the side alleys have stone flooring and there is an easel to your right. this is 2.
take the black path towards the end of the hall farthest away.  next, take a left onto the red brick at that intersection. go all the way down until you see butterflies on the wall and one section past the lamp.
Follow the yellow road all the way to the other end where it ends and take a right.  go straight until the hall ends again and take another right. the end of this hall is position 3.
Go towards the red brick intersection.  take a right onto the red brick.  go all the way down until you reach the black intersection.  take a right onto this. when you reach an intersection with black and normal concrete, you are at 6.
move to the stool. turn and move past the chair to the octagon carpet. move along the octagon carpet to the stone floor. there is an easel to your left. turn right so your back is at the easel. move along the stone floor two alleys to the brick floor. turn left. move along the brick floor one alley past the hatrack. you see a lamp in front of you and grey carpeted alley to your right. this is 5.
turn to face the yellow hallway. walk forward three times. turn right. walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward once.
continue until you get to the grey floor. continue down the grey floor until you get to the intersection one movement before the yellow and grey floors intersect.
take the pink path to the red brick juncture. go left onto the red brick. postition 5 is one section past the lampl.
turn so that the wall is on your right side. walk forward three times. turn right. walk forward twice.
Place your back against the 'T' intersection. Turn to your left along the blue-tiled hall. Your back should be toward the bench. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the stone hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the bare concrete hall. This is Position 6.
with your back to the wall turn left. move forward to the next block and turn right. move forward along the brick floor until you get to ...
Orient yourself along the wooden-floored hall. The bare concrete hall should be to your right. Go forward one segment. Turn right into the brick hall. Go forward until you reach the intersection with the stone floor. You will pass a lamp. I believe it is six segments forward.  At the stone-floored hall, turn right.  Go forward about two segments to the intersection of the stone floor and the yellow-tiled floor. You should be facing an easel one segment away. This is Position 2.
take the black path towars the red brick intersection. go left onto the red brick. then, take another left at the pink flowered intersection onto the pink path. go until there are fish on the wall and you can either only go left or towards a dead end. this is 7.
with your back to the wall move to the hatrack. turn right and move along the brick floor two alleys past the lamp. turn left. you should be facing a chair and an alley with wooden flooring. move to the chair. this is 1.
Orient yourself along the stone hall facing the end of the hall containing the easel.  The bench in the bare concrete hall should be to your left.  Go forward one segment to the intersection with the yellow-tiled floor. This is Position 2.
with your back to the wall move forward past the hatrack. stop at the alley where there is green octagon floor to your left. this is 7.
follow this hallway till you get to the pink floored area. stop here.
take a left. then go straight. then take another left at the red floor.
Follow the pink flowered path all the way until you see fish on the wall.  when you reach an intersection in which you can only turn left and see a dead end in front of you, you are at position 7.
go until hall ends. take a left. go until hall ends. take a left. the next intersection of yellow and black paths is 2.
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward three times.
turn around and go straight until you get to the intersection of the rose floor and the yellow floor.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn right. Go forward along the brick hall five segments to the intersection with the stone hall. Turn right. Go forward along the stone hall to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments, passing the chair, to the intersection containing the stool. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the dead end. This is Position 3.
go toward the lamp. make the first left. go down make a rt in to the blue floored area. keep going until the pink floord area to your right.
turn to face the short black hallway witht he easel at the end. from here, turn right. walk down the yellow hallway twice. turn right. walk down the pink hallway three times.
Orient yourself along the stone hall with your back to the end of the hall containing the easel. There should be a bench to your right.  Go forward one segment to the intersection with the brick hall. Turn left. Go forward five segments to the empty intersection with a bare concrete hall, passing a hatrack and a lamp. This is Position 5.
Go to the end of the hall and take a left.  Whe it dead ends again, take another left.  Next, take the first right.  Go until you see a pink flowered path.  Take a right on this path until you come to a point where you can either go left or go towards a dead end.  There should be fish on the wall and you should be at position 7.
down the grey hall until you reach the blue hall. at the intersection of the blue hall and the rose floored hall.
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward three times.
face so the aesal is to your right. keep going down this hallways for as long as it will go.
face teh fish walled area with no pnk floors. go down two spaces.
take the black path and turn left on the red path at that intersection. next when you come to a pink flowered path intersection, take a right. the next intersection and last of that hall is 4.
go to the longer end of the pink floored area. go to the end of this hallway. tilll you get tot blue floored area.
Orient yourself along the wooden hall with your back to the hatrack. Go forward one segment to the brick hall. Turn right. Go forward six segments to the intersection with the stone hall, passing a lamp and a hatrack. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the bare concrete hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments, passing the chair, to the intersection containing the stool. Turn right. Go foward one segment to the dead end. This is Position 3.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn left. Follow the blue-tiled hall two segments to the intersection with the stone hall. There is a lamp in this intersection. Turn right. Go forward three segments to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. There is an easel one segment farther down the hall ahead of you. This is Position 2.
First go straight until you get to the first intersection.  Take a left here.  You will then be looking for a pink flowered path.   Follow this path up until the last possible intersection.  Whe you reach this intersection and there are fish pictures on the wall, you have reached position 7.
go straight one movement.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection.  Turn left. Follow the pink-flowered carpet hall two segments to the intersection with the brick hall. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward four segments, passing a lamp, to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. This intersection contains a bench. This is Position 1.
Face the hall toward the stool. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the stool. Turn left. Go forward two segmentsm passing the chair. Turn left. You are now facing the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward three segments to the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the brick hall. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward along the brick hall four segments to the wooden-floored hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the interesection with a bare concrete hall. This intersection contains a bench. This is Position 1.
with your back to the wall move along the green octagon carpet two alleys to the grey stone carpet. turn left. there should be an easel behind you. move forward one alley. the side alleys have grey floor and to your right is a sofa. this is 6.
turn to face the honeycomb yellow hallway. walk forward once.
Orient yourself along the stone hall. There should be a bare concrete hall to each side of you. The end containing the bench should be to your left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. Turn right.  Go forward two segments to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. This is Position 7.
move to the stool. turn and move past the chair. turn left and move to the end of the alley with green octagon floor. turn right and move to the hatrack. turn left. move along the flowered carpet two alleys past the lamp. turn left. you are facing a chair and wooden flooring. move to the chair. this is 1.
with your back to the wall turn left. you are facing flowered carpet. move along it to the end till you reach the blue carpet alley, which should be to your left and right.
go down the rose hall until you reach the red hall. then take a left onto the wood hall. position 1 has a bench.
go to the longetr end of the hallway. make the first right. move foward one spce.
turn so that the wall is on your right. walk forward five times. turn right. walk forward twice.      
with your back to the wall turn left and move one block. turn right.
Go until the hall dead ends, take a left.  Go until it dead ends again and take another left.  Take a right at the first intersection and go straight unti you reach the intersection with red brick crossing over.  Go left a long way until you reach where there are butterflies on the wall.  Take a left at the intersection with a wood path and position one will be at the point that there is a bench.
Face away from the dead end. Go forward one segment to the interesection containing the stool . Turn left. Go forward two segments, passing the chair. Turn left. You are now facing the yellow-tiled hall. Go foward one segment to the intersection with the stone hall. There is an easel to your left. This is Postion 2.
at six put your back to the easel.  walk forward one alley and turn left. the carpet should be flowers. move along the flowers past the hatrack and one alley past the lamp. the alley to the right has grey floor. this is 5.
there is only one direction to walk. go forward once. turn left. walk forward twice. there should be an orange floor to the left. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.  if you can only see pictures of towers in front of you and butterflys on the walls behind you then you are in the right spot.
with your back to the wall turn left. move down two blocks til you get to the alley with flowered carpet. turn right. move forward three or four blocks til you get to the green octagon carpet turn left and move forward one block. this is 5.
turn to face the black hallway with the easel at the end of it. there should be pictures of butterflys on the walls in front of you and towers in the back. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice.
turn so the wall is on your left. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once.
turn so that the wall is on your left side. walk forward twice. turn left and walk down the red hallway four times. turn left and walk forward once.
take a left. a right at the red hall. position 5 is in the middle, with a dead end branch to the left, and nothing on the walls.
go towards the intersection of red brick.  take a right onto red brick. the very next section is 5.
4 is at the intersection of the blue and rose hallways.
left down the blue hall. till you get to a grey hall. then a left onto the red hall. it's one movement after a lamp pole.
turn to face the pink hallway. walk forward 3 times.
at the intersection of the rose floors and the yellow floors.
take the yellow hall until you get to the intersection of it and the rose floored hall.
Orient yourself along the wooden hall with the hatrack behind you. Go forward one segment  to the intersection with the brick hall. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete floor. There will be a lamp in the next segment in front of you. This is Position 5.
Take the pink flowered path directly to the other end of the hall. at the intersection where you can only either go right or left on a blue path, this is position 4.
face the easel. to your left is a chair. move forward one alley. turn left and move to the end of the green octagon flooring. turn right and move past the chair to the stool. turn and move to the deadend. this is 3.
head away form the bench. make the first rt. then first rt again. keep goin till there is a hallway on the left.
with your back to the wall turn left. walk along the flowers to the hatrack. turn left. walk along the brick two alleys past the lamp. turn left. move along the wooden floor to the chair. in the next block is a hatrack. this is 1.      
all the way down the winding hall. then a right at the intersection of the yellow and grey halls. then all the way down the grey hall. then a left onto a red hall, past a lamp, until you reach an intersection with a dead end with blank floors and walls.
head toward the aesal. make a rt just before the aesal. go down until the pink floored area.
with your back to the wall turn left and move two alleys to the side alley with stone flooring. turn right onto the stone and move to the second alley. to your left you see a chair and grey carpet. this is 6        .      
turn so that the wall is on your right. walk forward five times. turn right. the black hallway should be in front of you. walk forward once.
go straight one movement. take a left. then go down the hall until the grey floor intersects with a blank floor.
face so the aesal is to your left. go down this way till the pink floored area.
with your back to the wall turn left. move forward one alley and turn right. now walk along the brick floor past a lamp. stop one alley past the lamp. the carpet is flowers. turn left and move forward one block to the wall. this is 4.
forward one movement. take a left. and go all the way down the winding hall until you reach the dead end.      
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward six times. turn right. walk forward once.
take the pink path until the intersection of the red brick path.  go left onto the red brick. then take a right onto the black path at that intersection.  go all the way util the intersection of the black and yellow paths and this is 2.
Orient yourself along the wooden hall with the hatrack behind you.  Go forward one segment to the intersection of the brick hall. Turn right. Go forward three segments to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. This interesection contains a hatrack. Turn right along the pink-flowered carpet hall. Go forward two segments to the 'T' intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. This is Position 7.
go straight until you get to the intersection with the grey floor.
go down the longer end of this hallway. make the first right. keep going unitl the first hallway on the left appears.
one movement forward until you reach the red hall. then a right. take the red hall until you get ot the grey hall. then take the grey hall until it intersects with the yellow hall. then take a left and go all the way down the winding hall till you hit a dead end.
turn so that the wall is on your right. walk forward once. turn to the left. walk forward once. you should have the blue hallway on your right now. turn right and walk down the blue hallway twice.
down the grey hall. at the intersection of the blue and rose floored halls.
go to the intersection of the red brick path. take a right onto the red brick and go all the way down until the intersection of the black path. take a right onto the black path and go until you reach the intersection of black and yellow path. this intersection is position 2.
Go straight until you see an intersection of a black path.  Take a right onto the black path.  Go straight until you reach an intersection of the black path with a yellow path.  this is position 2.
Go straight toward the wall hangings of the Eiffel Tower and take a right on the pink flowered path.  When you can either turn only right or left onto a blue path, you are at position 4.
go straight and all the way down the hall. turn a few times and then dead end. the very last end is position 3.      
turn so to face the short yellow floored hallway. one has 2 segments, the other has only one. walk forward once. there should be only once choice, to turn right. do so and walk forward twice. again no choice but to turn right. do so and walk forward once. 
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn left. Go forward along the pink-flowered carpet hall two segments to the intersection with the brick hall. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward three segments to an intersection with a bare concrete hall, passing a lamp.  This is Position 5.
with your back to the wall turn right. move along the brick past the lamp to the hatrack. turn left. move along the flowers to the blue carpeted side alleys. this is 4.
make a right. then go foward. make a right. go to the end. make a left. go to the bench.
move to the stool. turn and move past the chair to the octagon carpet. turn and move to the end of the octagon carpet. turn right. you should see flowered carpet. move past the hatrack to the end of this flowered carpet. the side alleys have blue carpet. this is 4.
straight. then a left onto a grey hall. then a left where grey and yellow floors intersect. then all the way down a winding hall unitl you reach a dead end.      
go down toward the longer end of the hallway. make a right at the pink foored area. make the first left. go foward two spaces .      
place your back to the easel and the sofa to your right. move forward two alleys to the wall. turn left. you should see blue carpet. walk along the blue til you get to the alley with flowered carpet. this is 4.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn to the right. Go forward five segements to the intersection with the stone hall, passing a lamp and a hatrack. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. There is an easel one segment farther down this hall. This is Postion 2.
turn to face the short black hallway with the easel at the end. from this point, turn right. walk down the yellow floored hallway twice. turn to the right and walk forward three times. you should be at the interection of the pink and red floors. turn left and walk forward four times. turn left and walk forward once.
turn to face the pink hallway. walk forward three times. turn left. walk forward three times. you should be at the end of this hallway. turn right. walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward once.
only one way to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward three times. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left walk forward three times.
turn to face the black floored hallway that is short and has the chair at the end. from this perspective, turn to your right and walk two spaces.
with your back to the wall turn right. move along the brick past the lamp to the hatrack. turn right and walk along the flowered carpet until the left side alley is green octagon carpeting. move to the end of this alley and turn right. move past the chair to the stool. turn right and move into the dead end. this is 3.
turn to face the brown floored hallway so that the chair is on your right. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward five times. turn right. walk forward three times.
with your back to the wall turn right. move along the brick floor past the lamp to the hatrack. at the hatrack turn right. move along the flowered carpet two blocks. the alley to your left should have green octagon carpet. this is 7.
go down toward the longer end of the hallway. 1st rt. 1st lft. 1st right. keep going till the pink floored area is on your right.
turn to face the long black hallway witht he lamp at the end. walk forward once.
with your back to the wall turn right. move forward past the lamp and the hatrack until you get to the stone floor. turn right. move along the stone floor until you get to the octagon side alleys. you are one block away from an easel. this is 2.
go down the longer end of the pink floored area. make th first left. go down first left. go down till the bench.      
take the pink path to the red brick. go right on the red brick. take a right, next, onto the black path at that juncture. 6 should be one stop down.
with your back to the easel walk forward two blocks until you get to the blue carpet. turn right. move forward one block until you get to the flower carpeted side alley. this is 4.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn to the right. Go forward along the brick hall three segments to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall, passing a lamp. This intersection contains a hatrack.  Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. There will be a bench two segments to your left. This is Position 4.
follow this hallway out.  keep going till the pink floored area. make a left. keep going. make the first left. keep going. make the first left. keep going until the bench.
with your back to the wall turn left. move to the next alley and turn left. move along the wooden floor to the chair. in front of you is a hatrack. this is 1.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn left. Go forward along the brick hall away from the lamp one segment. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. There is a bench in this intersection.  This is Position 1.
go towad the lamp. 1st right. 1st left. two spaces foward. make a left. one space foward.
go all the way down the winding hallway. then 2 movements to the right.
position 4 is at the intersection of the blue and rose floored halls.
one movement to the right. take a left down the hallway. from there not completely sure. but 2 is at the grey hallway and yellow hallway.
make a left toward the longer end of the hallway. make a right at the pink floored are to your right.  go foward then make a left keep going down this hallway  to you get to the end.
only one direction to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward twice. turn left walk forward three times. turn right. walk forward three times.
turn and face the blue floored hallway so that the pink floored hallway is on your left and the wall is on your right. walk forward twice. turn left and walk forward once. you should be facing a wall with red floors on both sides. turn right and walk forward once.
with your back to the wall turn left. move to the brick floor and turn right. move forward one alley. the alley to your left has grey floor and you see a lamp in front of you. this is 5        .      
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn right. Go forward along the brick hall five segments to the intersection with the stone hall. You will pass a lamp and a hatrack.  Turn right. Go forward along the stone hall one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. There will be a bench to your left. This is Position 6.      
place your back to the easel and move forward two alleys along the stone floor. turn left and move along the brick floor past the hatrack and one alley past the lamp. to your right is a short alley with grey carpet. this is five.
Take the black path until you come to an intersection with red brick.  Go left onto the red brick path and go all the way down to where the butterflies are on the wall.  at the intersection of the red brick and wood path, go left onto the wood path.  2 sections down, you will see a bench.  this is position 1.
Orient yourself in the stone hall facing the end of the hall containing  the easel. The bench in the bare concrete hall should be to your left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the bare concrete hall. Turn right. Go forward two sections, passing the chair, to the intersection containing the stool. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the dead end. This is Position 3.
Go straight on the pink flowered path to the intersection of the red brick.  take a left onto the red brick. go all the way down until two sections past the lamp.  take a left here at the intersection of the wood.  go one section down to the bench and you are at position 1.
with your back to the wall. turn left. move forward one block and turn right. move past the lamp and one block past the hatrack. turn right. move forward two blocks. this is 7.
turn around. go one space foward. make a right tinto butterfly walled area. go down three spaces.
Go forward into the pink-flowered carpet hall one segment to the intersection with the brick hall. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn right. Go forward four segments. You will pass the bare concrete hall whose intersection contains the lamp. The following 'T' intersection will be empty as will the intersecting bare concrete hall. This is Position 5.
only one direction to go . walk forward once. turn left walk forward twice. turn left walk forward three times. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left walk forward four times. turn left. walk forward once.
turn so that the wall is on your right. walk forward five times. turn right. walk forward once.
only one direction to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward twice. turn left walk forward once.
go forward one movement. then take a right. then go all the way down until you get to the yellow and rose floor intersection. 
move to the pink floored area. make a rt. go down make a left go down make left  stop at the bench.
Orient yourself along the stone hall with your back away from the end of the hall containing the easel. Go forward three segments to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. There is a lamp in this interesection. Turn left. Go forward two segments, passing the chair, to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. There is a bench two segments farther down the hall. This is Position 4.
go down the rose hall. then down the red hall. then take a left onto the wood hall. there is also a bench there.
go to the shorter end of the hallway make a left go till the bench.      
go all the way down the winding hall. then go down the greyt hall. then the rose colored hall. it's at the intersection of the rose hall and the yellow hall.      
only one direction to go. walk forward. turn left. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward three times.      
Face the intersection containing the stool. Go forward one segment. Turn left. Go forward two segments, passing a chair. Turn left.  You are now facing the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the stone hall. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. There is a bench to your right. This is Position 6.
follow the pnk floor. go down till the fish hallway on your left. go down two spaces.
take the red brick path towards the lamp all the way down to the intersectino of the black path. take this black path until you reach the intersection with the white cement.  this is position 6.
Orient yourself along the stone hallway with the end containing the easel to your back. The bench in the bare concrete hall should be to your right.  Go forward along the stone hall one segment to the intersection with the brick hall. Turn left. Go forward along the brick hall six segments to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall, passing a hatrack and a lamp. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. There is a bench in this intersection. This is Position 1.
go to the fish walled area. follow the long corridor till it makes a right then follow the series of turns to the end.
turn to face the black hallway with the pictures of towers on either side and a lamp down in the distance. walk forward once. turn left to face the red hallway. walk forward five times. turn left. walk forward once.
turn so that the chair is on the right and you are facing the brown floor. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice.
Take the black path towards the fish until you reach the pink flowered path.  Here, turn right, and go all the way until the end where you can only turn right or left onto a blue path.  Once here, you are at position 4.
go down toward the longer end of the hallway. make the first right. go down. make the first  right. go down. make the first left. go down till the easel is on the right. move one space away form the aesal.
Face the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward three segment along this hall to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection containing the stool, passing a chair. Turn right.  Go forward one segment. This is Position 3.
follow the hallway out. keep going till the aesal is to your left. move one space wawya from teh aesal.
take the pink path to the red brick path.  take a left on red brick, and then a right on the black path. at the intersection of the black and yellow path, take a left onto the yellow path.  when road ends, go right. at the end of the hall, go right again. the end of this hall is 3.
Face the pink-flowered carpet hall. Go forward three segments to the intersection with the stone hall, passing the hatrack. This is Position 7.
turn so that the chair is on your right. walk forward once. turn right walk forward once.
go all the way down the winding hall. then stop at the first intersection.
move to the stool.  turn and move to the corner past the chair. turn right and move along the green octagon carpet to the grey stone carpet. there should be an easel to your left. this is two.
face the long brick alley and move past the lamp and one alley past the hatrack. turn right. move one alley along the stone floor. two blocks in front of you is an easel and to your left is a chair. this is 6.
make a right toward the pink floored area. go down till the fish are on teh walls. make the first left in to the fish hallwyas. follow this for as far as it will go.
go on the black road towards the end with the easel.  the next junction is position 2.
all the way down the winding hall. then a right at the grey hall. continuing until you reach the red hall. a left at the red hall. then another left onto a wood hall. position 1 has a bench.
Go until hall ends. take left. take left again when hall ends.  take a right at the first intersection.  Follow the black path until you come to an intersection of the red brick path.  Take a left onto the red brick and go a ways down until you come to the section with the butterflies on the wall.  Position five is the first section after you pass the lamp.
Face the hall containing the stool. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the stool. Turn left. Go forward down the bare concrete hall two segments, passing the chair. Turn left. You are now facing the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward three segments to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn right. Go forward three segments, passing the hatrack, to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall.  This is Position 4.
Orient yourself along the stone hall with your back facing the easel. Go forward two segments to intersection with the brick hall.  Turn left. Go forward five segments to the second intersection with a bare concrete floor. You will pass a hatrack and a lamp. This is Position 5.
go towards the intersection of the red brick path. take a right onto the red brick. follow it until the intersection of the pink flowered path.  take a left onto it. go all the way until you can either go right or left on a blue path. this is position 4.
go all the way down the winding hall. take a right maybe. goi down that hall until you get to the blue hall. then postion 4 is at the intersection of the blue and rose floored halls.
turn to face the black hallway with the pictures of towers on the walls. walk forward once. turn left and walk forward four times.
Orient yourself along the stone hall with the end of the hall containing the easel at your back.  The bench in the bare concrete hall should be to your right.  Go forward two segments to the intersection with the  blue-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward two segments along the blue-tiled hall to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. There is a bench two segments farther down the hall in front of you. This is Position 4.
follow this hallway out. keep going until you see a aesal on the left.
go down grey hall until you get to the red hall. spot is near the end of the red hall, with a branch to the side with a blank walled dead end.
go straight down thre grey hall. a left at the red hall. continue one movement past a lamp pole.
with your back to the wall move forward to the hatrack. turn left. move along the brick alley til you reach the alley with the stone floor. turn left. move along the stone floor till you reach the alley with green octagon carpet. there should be an easel one block in front of you. this is 2.
turn so that there is a wall to your left, blue floor to the front, and pink floor to your right. go foward twice or until you come upon a charred black floor to your right. turn to face the black floor. you will see pictures on the wall up ahead of towers then butterflys. walk forward twice. you should now have butterfly pictures in front of you, and tower pictures behind you. resume your forward course along the black floor for one more click.
move forward one alley along the stone floor in the direction of the easel. the side alleys have green octagon carpet. this is 2.
Orient yourself along the yellow-tiled hall. The easel in the stone hall should be to your right. Go forward along the yellow-tiled hall one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments, passing a chair, to the intersection containing the stool. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the dead end. This is Position 3.
with your back to the easel walk along the stone flooring to the next alley. the alley to your left has grey floor. this is 6.
turn so that the wall is on your left and the pink hallway is to the right. walk forward twice. turn right. you should be facing a black hallway. walk forward twice.
Orient yourself along the wooden hall with the end of the hall containing the hatrack at your back. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the brick hall. Turn right. Go forward six segments to the intersection with the stone hall. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. There is bench one segment down the hall to your left . This is Position 6. 
go on the black road towards the end with the easel. at the next junction of yellow and black, take a left. when the hall ends, take a right. when the hall ends again, take antoher right.  3 is at the end of this hall.
Orient yourself along the wooden-floored hall with your back to the end containing the hatrack. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the brick hall. Tunr right. Go forward four segments to the intersection with the pink-carpeted hall, passing a lamp. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. There is a bench two segments to your left. This is Position 4.
with your back to the easel turn left and move forward one block. turn right. you are facing wooden flooring. move along this til you get to the side alley that has gray floor. this is one.
go to the butterfly walled area. follow this hallway tward the lamp. go doen this hallway. make a right. go till the bench.
move one space toward the aesal.
move to the stool. turn and move past the chair to the octagon carpet. move along the octagon carpet to the wall. to your left and right is flowered carpet. this is 7.
go straight. all the way down to  a winding hall. until you get to a dead end.
Face the pink-flowered carpet hallway. Go forward three segments to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hallway, passing the hatrack. Turn left. Go forward three segments along the yellow-tiled hall to the intersection with a bare concrete floor. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection containing the stool, passing the chair. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the dead end. This is Postion 3.
go straight on black path to red brick junction. go left on red brick. go left on pink flowered path at that juncture. go straight until you can either go left or towards a dead end. this should be 7.
go one space away from the aesal. 
Orient yourself along the yellow-tiled hallway with the easel in the stone hall to your left. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. There is a hatrack  two segments to your right. This is Position 7.
go down till you can make a right in to another hallway. go to the end of this, till you reach the blue floored area. make a left. keep going till the pink flor id on your left.
turn so that the chair is on your right side. walk forward once. turn right. you should be facing a long red floored hallway. walk forward five times. turn to the right. you should now be facing a black floored hallway. walk forward twice.
one movement forward. then one movement to the left. 
Follow the pink floored area toward the fish walled area. stop when the first fish hallway to your left appears.
go right one move. intersection of the gray hallway.
Go forward one segment. There is a piece of furniture here. Turn left.  Go forward two segments, passing another piece of furniture. Turn left. You should now be facing the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward three segments to the 'T' interesection with the pink-flowered carpet hallway. This is Position 7. 
Face the pink-flowered carpet hall. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the brick hall. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn right. Go forward four segments, passing a lamp, to the intersection with the wood hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete floor. This intersection contains a bench. You will be facing a hatrack farther down the hall. This is Position 1.
Face the yellow-tiled hall. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the stone hall. There is an easel to your right. This is Position 2.
go all the way down to the grey hall. then turn onto the red hall. then turn onto the wood hall. there is a bench there.
with your back to the wall move forward along the octagon flooring to the end of the alley. turn right. move past the chair to the stool. turn and walk to  the dead end. this is 3.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn left. Go forward along the pink-flowered carpet hall three segments to the blue-tiled hall, passing a hatrack maybe. The intersection is empty. This is Position 4.
walk to the stool. turn and walk one block pst the chair. turn right. you are facing gray stone carpet and an easel is behind you. walk forward to the end of the aisle to the blue carpet. turn left and move one block.
Go towards the intersection wiht red brick.  Take a right onto the red brick path and go straight until you see a pink flowered path.  Go left on the pink path until you either have to turn left or go towards a dead end.  this is position 7.
turn to face the black corridor with the fish on either sides of the walls and an easel at the end. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right . walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward once.
turn so the wall is on your left. walk forward once. turn right walk forward four times. turn right on the pink hallway. walk forward twice.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn to the right. Go forward three segments along the brick hall to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall, passing a lamp. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. This is Position 7.
turn to face the short black hallway with the easel at the end. from here turn to the right. walk down the yellow corridor twice. turn right. walk down the pink corridor to the intersection of the red one, 2 steps. turn left. walk forward three times.
with your back to  the easel turn right. walk to the corner of the green octagon carpet. turn and move past the chair to the stool. turn right and move to the dead end. this is 3.
Orient yourself along the stone hall with the end of the hall containing the easel behind you.  Go forward one segment to the intersection with a bare concrete hall. There should be a bench in this hall to your right. This is Position 6.
