Go forward one segment to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward about two segments to the intersection containing the chair. To one side you will see an intersection with the stone hall containing a stool. Go forward one segment to this intersection.  This is Position 7.
 go out of the dead end you are in. go to the other end of the hallway. make a right at the end. keep going till you get to a piece of furniture
turn so the wall is on your right side. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
Go forward one segment to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go to the end of the hall, one segment. Turn left. Go forward, passing the easel. Follow the bare concrete hall to the intersection with the brick hall. Turn into the brick hall. Go forward to the intersection which has butterfly pictures on one side and Eiffel Tower pictures on the other.
face and move to the chair. turn left. move to this chair and turn right. move along the stone floor to the stool. turn left. move to the chair. turn right and move to the next alley. in front of you is a hatrack and to your left is grey floored alley.
it's in the middle of a grey floored hall with a stool.
at two face the lamp. move forward and follow the alley around until you end up on blue carpet. walk on the blue until you pass a chair w/ a four way intersection. one block past the chair is p-3. you see a hat rack in front of you and an alley to your left. this is p-3.
go straight towards the pink path. at this intersection, go left onto the pink path. at the very next intersection, go right onto the blue path. at the end of this hall at the corner, go left towards the easel. take a right at the easel onto the wood path and the first section you come to will be 5.
go towards the chair. at the chair, go left onto the blue path. follow it until you come to the pink path inersection. here, go right onto the pink path. at the very next intersection, take a right onto the plain path and follow it to the end of the hall. this is 6.
go to blue. then pink. make a right. then anopther right.
with your back to the wall turn right and move into the corner. turn right again and walk past the easel to the blue carpeted side alley. turn right and move to the next side alley. turning left you see flowered carpet. move forward and turn right at the first alley. move to the deadend. this is 6.
move one block on the green octagon carpet. the side alleys have blue flooring and in front of you. you see grey stone. turn right down the long blue alley. move past the stool and the chair to the side alley with flowered carpet. turn down this alley and turn right at the first alley. move to the dead end. this is 6.
Go forward one segment to the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment ot the blue-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward about two segments to an intersection with a bare concrete hall. This intersection is empty but the one on either side in the blue-tiled hall contain furniture.  This is Position 3.
Go forward one segment to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled floor. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. This intersection contains an easel. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 5.
move to the other end of the alley and turn right. move along the stone floor to the sofa chair. turn left. move to this sofa chair and turn right. move to the next alley. to your left is grey flooring and in front of you is brick. this is 1.
turn so that your back is to the wall. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward three times. turn left walk forward once. turn right walk forward once.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the end of the hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go forward to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward two segments to the end of the hall. This is Position 4.
turn so the wall is on your left. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once.
position 4 is at the dead end of a hall with yellow floors and fish on the walls.
go towards the pink path. once at this intersection, go left onto the pink path. at the very next intersection, take a left onto the blue path. follow the blue path towards the chair and one intersection after the chair will be 3.
face and move to the chair. turn left and move to the stool. this is 7. 
only one direction to go. walk to the end of the yellow hallway, 3 steps. turn right. walk forward twice.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. This interesction contains a chair.  Turn left. Go forward to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. This intersection conatains an easel. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the lamp. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the empty corner.  This is Position 2.
position 7 is in the middle of the grey floored hall.
face and move to the hatrack. turn left and move forward along the green octagon flooring. p 4 is at the end of this alley.
move to the chair and turn left. move forward to the stool and turn right. turn left at the chair and face another chair. turn right at this second chair and move along brick to the next alley. to your left is grey flooring. this is one.
face and move to the easel. turn left. the right side alley should have blue flooring. move to it and down the alley. move one alley past the chair. in front of you is a hatrack and to your left is grey flooring.      
turn so that the wall is on your left and to your back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward five times, or until you reach the yellow walkway. turn left and continue 2 steps to the end of the yellow hallway.
go straight towards the pink path. take a left onto the pink path.  at the next intersection, take a right onto the blue path. at the end of the hall, go left towards the easel. at the easel, take a right onto the wood path. follow this to the end of the hall and at the corner, go left towards the lamp. at the lamp, take another right and follow it to the end of the hall at the corner. this is 2.
turn to face the easel. walk forward once. turn right and walk forward once. turn left and walk forward once.     
position 7 is in the middle of the grey tiled floor hall.
follow the red brick path away from the bench. at the corner, go right towards the easel. past the easel, and at the next corner, take a right onto the blue path. at the first intersection, take a left onto the pink path. again, take a right at the first intersection and go to the end of the hall. this is 6.
face and move past the chair. at the end of the blue flooring turn left. move to the easel and turn right. you should be facing the longer wooden floored alley. if not turn around.  from the easel, move one block and place yourself between butterfly pictures. this is 5.
dead end of the fish area.      
Position 6 is at the end of a bare concrete hall one segment along the pink-flowered carpet hall away from the blue-tiled hall. In the opposite direction from the intersection of the blue-tiled hall with the pink-flowered carpet hall the hall contains some furniture.        If you start with your back toward the wall, you should not go forward toward the grassy hall. The blue-tiled hall is behind you. To your right you will follow a couple turns to reach a wooden hall. You may be able to reach the blue tiled hall by finding the intersection in  the wooden hall that contains the easel. If you enter this intersection by turning right along the wooden hall, turn left out of the intersection. If you enter it immediately, having simply walked forward, go forward. If you enter after having turned left, turn right out of it.
fave and move past the chair to the end of the blue flooring. turn left and move to the easel. at the easel turn right and walk  down the longer alley. turn left. move past the lamp into the corner. from 2 you should be able to look left and see a hatrack.
only one way to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
with your back to the wall turn right and move to the end. here turn left and move past the hatrack to the end of the green octagon floored alley . this is 4.   
only one way to travel. go forward twice. turn right onto the blue hallway and travel all the way down to the far end. turn left and go forward once. turn right and go forward twice. turn left again and go forward once. and right again and go forward once.
face and move to the easel. turn left and move down the aisle with blue flooring. turn left at the first alley. it has flowered carpet. turn right from the flowered carpet to face a dead end w/ grey floor. move to the dead end. this is 6.
face and move to the lamp. turn left. move forward. turn right. move to the easel and turn left. move forward and turn right.  move along the blue and turn left at the first  alley. move towards the easel and turn right at the first alley. the end of this alley is 6. 
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the chair.  At one end, the left probably, of the intersecting hall there will be a stool and the bare concrete hall will intersect with the stone hall. Turn toward that end and go forward one segment to that intersection. This is Position 7.
face and move to the wooden chair. turn right. you see a long alley with grass. move down this to the hatrack. turn right and move into the corner. turning right you see a lamp and right again the hatrack you just came from. this is 2.      
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward to the end of the hallway, four spaces. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
face and move to the chair. turn left. the side alley has stone flooring. turn down this alley and move to the stool. this is 7.
position 6 is a dead end of a branch of the rose colored hall, with two pictures of the eiffel tower on the walls.
take the red brick path towards the butterflies. at the corner, take a right. at the next corner, take a left. follow the path until the blue path intersection. here, take a right onto the blue path and follow it towards the coat rack. at the intersection of plain cement, you will go right towards the black stool. once you reach the black stool, you are at 7.
Position 5 is in the middle of the wood-floored room.
Face the easel. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the easel. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled floor. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 6.
take the wood path towards the easel. at the easel, go left and then take a right onto the blue path at the corner. follow the blue path towards the chair and at the chair, take a right towards the stool. when you reach the stool, you are at 7.
move to the end of the octagon alley. to your right is stone flooring. move to the end of this alley and turn left. standing next to a chair and looking at a chair move to the next chair and turn to face the red brick. move one alley and turn left. you are facing a chair. move right along the grass to the hatrack. turn left at the hatrack and move to the corner. from here you can turn left and see a lamp. this is 2.
go towards the chair on the green path. at the chair, go right. follow this green path to the very end of the hall. once here, go right onto the plain cement path. the next corner you come to is 2.
position 6 is a dead end branch off the rose floor, with two eiffel towers on the walls.
face the lamp. step forward and follow the alley around. you are placed where you can see an easel.  move to this easel and turn left. the carpet should be blue. walk until there is an opening on you right. upon turning right you should see an alley with rose carpet. p-6 is at the end of this alley.      
end of the fish area. amek a left into dead end.
Position 2 is at the corner of two halls with no tiles on the floor but with butterflies on the wall.
Face the easel. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the easel. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the brick hall. Go forward one segment to the intersection which has Eiffel Tower pictures ahead and butterfly pictures behind. This is Position 1.
only one direction to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward to the end of the hallway. turn left. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once.
position 5 is in the middle of the wooden floor with butterflies on the walls.
turn so the wall is on your back. walk forward once. turn right onto the green hallway. walk to the end, maybe four spaces. turn right and walk forward once.
Face the easel. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the easel.  Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go forward, passing the pink-flowered carpet hall on your left. Position 3 is the empty intersection between two which contain objects.
take the path towards the chair. at the chair, go left onto the blue path. at the end of the hall, take a left towards the easel. at the easel, go right onto the wood path and the very first section will be 5.
turn so that the wall is on your right and back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward four times. turn left. walk forward once.
with your back to the wall turn right. move to the corner and turn right again. move to the easel and turn left. you should be facing the longer alley of wooden flooring and butterfly pictures on the side. move one block. this is 5.   
only one way to go. walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward four times. turn right. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
Look for the rose floors. Position 6 is at a dead end, a branch off from the rose floors. There are two pictures of the eiffel tower on the walls.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. This contains a chair.  Turn right. Go forward one segment.  This is Position 3.
Face the hatrack. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the grassy hall. Turn left. Go forward down the hall until a hall opens to your left. Go forward one segment. There will be butterfly pictures to your left and Eiffel Tower pictures to your right. This is Position 1.
face and move to the lamp. turn left and move to the easel. turn left. you should see a side alley to the right with blue flooring. move to it and turn right. walk to the chair and turn right. move to the stool. the side alleys have stone flooring. this is 7.
take the yellow path all the way to the other end of the hall. here, take a right onto the black path. follow the black path all the way until you reach a black stool. at the stool, you are at 7.
go to the blue floored area. pos 3 is in between the two pieces of furnitute in this hallway.
only one way to go. walk forward until you reach the blue floors... probably twice. turn right. walk forward once.      
go to blue floored area. then pink floored area. make the 1st right.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection.  Walk forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. This intersection contains a chair. Turn left. Go forward until you reach the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall to your right. Turn right. Go forward one segment. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 6.
with your back to the wall at 3 turn left.  go all the way to end of the blue carpet. turn left. walk until you see an easel. the left alley at the easel has the eiffel tower and the right has butterflies. take the alley w/ butterflies on the wall and stop when the butterflies are not on the wall. you should be two blocks in front of the corner.      
position 3 is in the middle of the blue hall.
with your back to the wall turn left. move past the chair to the side alley with flowered carpet. turn right down this alley and then right again at the first alley. facing the grey floored deadend, move to it. this is 6.
Face the lamp. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the lamp.  Turn left. Go forward one segment to the wooden-tiled hall. Turn right.  Go forward two segments to the intersection containing the easel. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall. Turn to the right. Go forward. Pass the pink-flowered carpet hall. Pass the chair. One segment past the chair is Position 3.
Position 4 is at the dead end of a yellow tiled hall with fish on the walls.
take the yellow path away from the end of the hall and at the blue path intersection, go right onto the blue path. follow it all the way to the other end of the hall. here, take a left towards the easel. go past the easel to the end of this hall and take a left onto the red brick at the corner. the very next intersection is 1.
Go forward one segment to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn left. Go to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall, passing a chair. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward two segments. This is Position 4.
Face the lamp. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the lamp. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 5.
follow the yellow path towards the coat rack. at the coat rack take a right onto the blue path. take the blue path all the way to the end of the hall and at the corner, go left towards the easel. at the easel, take a right onto the wood path and the very next section will be 5.
turn so the wall is on your left and back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once. turn right onto the blue hallway and walk forward four times.  if you are standing at the intersection of the blue and yellow floors, back up once.
Take the path towards the lamp. at the lamp, follow the path to the left, and then right at the next corner. when you come to a red brick path, go left. when you reach the blue path, take a right onto it. follow it until you can take a left onto the pink path. once on the pink path, take a right at the first intersection and go all the way to the end of the hall. this is 6.
take the wood path away from the easel. at the corner, take a left. follow the path to the next corner and take a right at the lamp. go straight to the very next corner and this is 2.
go towards the pink path. at the pink path intersection, go left onto the pink path. take a right onto the blue path at the next intersection. at the end of the hall, go left towards the easel. go past the easel until you come to the corner with the red brick intersection. go left onto the red brick and the first intersection is 1.
position 6 is a dead end branching off from the rose hall. it was two pictures of the eiffel tower on it.
position 5 is in a hall with wood floors. it's in the middle.
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward to the end of the hallway. turn left walk forward twice. turn left walk forward once.
Go towards the coat rack and take a left at the coat rack. go all the way to the end of the hall and this is 4.   
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the chair. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the brick hall, passing the easel. Turn left. Go forward one segment. This is Position 1.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection of the yellow-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward three segments to the end of the hall. This is Position 4.
only one way to go. walk to the end of the yellow hall, 3 steps. turn right. walk to the end of the black hall, 3 steps. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
go straight towards the chair. at the chair, go left onto the blue path. follow this until the end of the hall. here, go left towards the easel. go past the easel to the end of the hall and go left onto the red brick path. the next intersection will be 1.
move to the end of green octagon flooring to the stone floor. turn right and move to the stool. turning right you see a chair and in front of you a sofa chair. this is 7.
Go toward the intersection containing the lamp. After moving the one segment to reach this spot, turn left.  Go forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments along the wooden-floored hall to the intersection containing the easel. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall. Turn toward the end of the hall that intersects the yellow-tiled hall. I believe this is a right turn an dthat the intersection is two segments down. When you reach the yellow-tiled hall, you wil turn away from the end which intersects the stone hall and follow the yellow-tiled hall to that end. This is position 4.        If these directions fail, Position 4 is at end of the yellow-tiled hall farthest from the intersection with the stone hall. The stone hall does not intersect any other  notably-floored hall. I believe it is one segment away from the blue-tiled floor in places.
position 1 is in the red brick hall.
follow the red brick path away from the bench. at the corner, go right towards the easel. go past the easel to the next corner, and go right again onto the blue path. follow the blue path all the way to the coat rack. at the coat rack, go left onto the yellow path and at the end of this hall is 4.
turn so that your back side faces the easel. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
Face the easel. Go forward one segment. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall.  Follow this hall to its opposite end, about seven segments. You will pass a chair and a hatrack. At the far end, you will reach the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. Turn left.  Go forward two segments to the end of the hall. This is Position 4.
take the blue path towards the chair all the way to the end of the hall. here, take a left. next, at the easel, take a right to the end of the hall. at the corner, take a left and at the next corner, take a right at the lamp. the end of this hall is 2.
position 3 is in the middle of the blue tiled hall with a coat rack at one end and a chair or something at the other end.
Face  the easel. Go forward one segment.  Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. You will follow the blue-tiled hall past the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall, on your left. To your right there will be a bare concrete hall. One segment away there will be an intersection containing a stool in a stone hall.  This is Position 7.
Position 7 is the intersection of a bare concrete hall and the stone hall. There is a stool in this intersection.  At the opposite end of the bare concrete hall is the blue-tiled hall.  Both  the blue-tiled hall and the stone hall intersect the yellow-tiled hall.        The most efficient route is probably to your left, if you have your back facing the wall of the 'T' intersection. Do not go toward the grassy hall.
find the fish hallways. then find the fish hallways with yellow floors. position 4 is a dead end of the yellow floored fish hallway.
turn to face the easel. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
turn so that the wall is facing your left and back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. and finally turn right and walk  forward once.
turn so that the wall is on your right. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once.   
follow the red brick path away from the bench. at the corner take a right towards the easel. go past the easel to the next corner and take a right onto the blue path. go towards the chair and one intersection past the chair is position 3.  
take the blue path towards the chair and at the pink path intersection, take a right onto the pink path. at the very first intersection on this path, take a right and go to the end of the hall. this is 6.
face and move to the lamp. turn left and move along the wooden flooring to the easel. turn right. the side alley to the left has stone flooring. move to it. move one block down this alley. you should see a sofa chair in front of you and a wooden chair to your right. this is 1.
turn to face the easel. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward four times.
Move out of the dead end. Take a left, I think. Position 2 is at an intersection of two halls with no tiles on the floor but with monarch butterflies on the walls.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn left. Go to the far end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. This intersection contains an easel. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the lamp. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the empty corner. This is Postion 2.
go on the path towards the lamp. at the lamp, go left. at the next corner, go right onto the wood path. at the easel, go left on the plain path until it intersects with the blue path. go right onto the blue path and follow it towards the chair. at the chair, go right. and the very next intersection where there is also a stool is 7.
take the red brick path away from the bench and at the corner, go right towards the easel. at the easel, take a left onto the wood path and the very first section you come to, you will be at 5.
foward. left. then left on to the blue floored area. pos three is in between the two pieces of furniture in this hallway. 
go towards the chair on the path. at the chair, take a left onto the blue path and follow it to the very end of the hall. here, take a left towards the easel. at the easel, take a right onto the wood path. at the end of this hall, take a left towards the lamp and once at the lamp, take a right. the end of this hall at the corner is 2.
blue floored area . pos three is in between the two pieaces of furniture.
position 1 is in the middle of the red brick floored hall.
foward 1. left. fwd 1. left. foward till 1st right turn. make a right. foward 1 space.
move to the flowered carpet and turn left. move along the blue to the chair and turn right. move to the stool and turn right. turn left at the sofa chair and move to the next sofa chair. move one alley along the brick. to your left is grey flooring. this is 1.
turn so that the wall is to your back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward till the end of the hallway, maybe 3 spaces. turn left. walk forward. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward. turn right. walk forward.
from 6 walk forward and move out to the blue carpet. turn left. walk until you are in the same square as the hatrack. turn left walk to the wall. this is p-4.
with your back to the wall turn left. turn left at this sofa chair and turn right at the next one. move along the brick flooring and turn right at the end of it. move to the easel and turn left. you should be facing the longer wooden alley. move one block to the middle of the pictures.
turn to face the easel. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk down the blue hallway untill you intersect the yellow hallway, about 5 steps. turn left and go to the end of the yellow hallway, about 2 steps.      "
position 3 is in the middle of the blue hall.
take the yellow path away from the end of the hall to the blue path intersection. at the coat rack, take a right onto the blue path and follow past the chair to the pink path intersection. at this intersection, go right onto the pink path and at the very first intersection, go right to the very end of the hall and this is 6.
with your back to the wall turn left. walk to the chair and turn left. follow the alley. you should see an easel after you turn the corner. walk toward the easel and stop on the block where there are no butterflies on the sides. you should be two blocks in front of the easel. this is p 5.
turn so that the wall is on your left side. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
go to the pink flowered area. make a right then a right. go to end.
only one way to go. walk forward twice. turn right onto the blue hallway. walk to the far end, maybe 5 spaces. turn left and walk forward once. turn right and walk forward once.
with your back to the wall at 3 you see an alley in front and blue carpet to each side. turn right and walk to the hat rack. turn left. the carpet should have green octagons. go to the end of this alley. this is p-4.
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once.
face and move towards the lamp. turn left. move forward. turn right. move one block towards the easel. you see butterflies on the walls. this is 5.
from four walk as far as you can. turn right. the chair about halfway down is on p-7.
Position 4 is a dead end of the yellow floored hall with fish on the walls.
position 1 is in the middle of the hall with the red brick floor.
face and move to the lamp. turn left and move to the end of the aisle. you will pass an easel. turn right to face the blue floor. walk past the flowered carpet side alley. and stop one alley past the chair. you are looking at an object and to your right is gray floor. this is 3.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the grassy hall. Turn right. Go forward to the end of the hall. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the empty corner.  This  is Position 2.
turn so that the wall is on your left. wlak forward twice. turn right onto the pink hallway. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
take the path towards the lamp. at the lamp, take a left. at the next corner, take a right onto the wood path. the very next intersection will be 5.
move onto the flowered carpet and turn left. move to the blue carpet and turn right. move to the corner and turn left. move to the easel and turn right. move along the wooden flooring and turn left. move to the lamp and turn right. move to the corner. this is 2. turning left, you see a hatrack.
with your back to the wall move forward to the chair and turn left. move to the right side alley with flowered carpet. move down this and stop at the first alley. turn right. move into the deadend. this is 6.
go on the blue path towards the chair. at the very end of the hall, you will turn left towards the easel. at the easel, go right onto the wood path and the next intersection will be 5.
Position 2 is at a corner between two halls with no tiles on the floor. but butterflies on the wall.
turn so that the wall is on your left and to your back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn to the right. walk forward once. turn left. you should be facing down a brown hallway. walk to the blue interseciton... one space. turn right. walk forward five times. turn left and walk forward once.
turn to face the easel. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right walk forward three times. turn right. and walk forward once.
go on the path towards the coat rack. at the coat rack, take a left onto the green path. go all the way down until you reach a chair. at the chair, take a left. the very next intersection is 1.
take the yellow path away from the end of the hall. at the blue path intersection, take a right and follow the blue path to the very end of the hall. here, take a left on the plain path towards the easel, and then a right onto the wood path at the easel. at the end of this hall, take a left towards the lamp. once at the lamp, take a right to the very end of the hall and at the corner, this is 2.
go on the path towards the lamp. at the lamp, take a left and at the next corner, go right onto the wood path. follow it towards the easel and at the easel take a left. at the intersection with the blue path, take a right onto the blue path and follow it towards the chair and past the coat rack. at the intersection with the yellow path, take a right onto the yellow path and go all the way to the end of the hall. this is 4.
turn so that the wall is on your right side. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward twice.
face and move to the chair. turn left and move to the next chair. face the stone floored alley and move to the end of it. turn left and move down the octagon flooring to the end. this is 4.
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward four times. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk  forward once.
Go forward two segments to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go to the far end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection wth the wooden-floored hall. This intersection contains an easel. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 5.
Face the lamp. Go forward one segment. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection containing the easel. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn left into this hall. Go forward one segment. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 6.      
Position 5 is in the wooden-floored hall. It is a hall segment that is between pictures of butterflies. At the closer end of the hall there is an intersection with a bare concrete hall. In the opposite direction, one segment away, is an intersection containing an easel.        Possibly, place your back to the 'T' intersection walk forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. This intersection conatins an easel. Turn  right. Go forward one segment.  The place should match the above description. This is Position 5.
position 2 is ...i don't remember.
take the wood path towards the easel and at the easel, go left. at the next corner, take a right onto the blue path and follow it towards the chair. one intersection past the chair is position 3.
move forward to the hatrack and turn right. move to the next alley. to your right is grey flooring and in front is a chair. this is 3
only one way to go. walk forward once. turn left walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. turn left walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
it's at the end of the yellow fish hall, with yellow floors, dead end.
move forward. turn left. turn right onto the blue carpet. take the left alley. follow it around until you can see a lamp. if you continue on you will see a hat rack. position yourself where you can see both the lamp and the hatrack.  there should be butterfly images on the side at this point.
Look for the rose floors. Position 6 is at a dead end, a branch off from the rose floors, and has two pictures of the Eiffel tower on it.
Go forward one segment to the pink-flowered carpet hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go to the end of the hall, one segment. Turn left. Follow this hall to the wooden-floored hall. This intersection will contain an easel.  Turn right.  Go forward two segments to a bare concrete hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the lamp.  Turn right. Go forward one segment.  This is Position 2.
face and move to the hatrack. turn left and walk along the grass to the chair. turn left at the chair and turn right at the next interesection. turn left at the sofa chair and right at the next sofa chair. move along the stone flooring to the end. turn left and move along the octagons past the hatrack to the end of this alley. this is 4.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Go forward one segment. Turn right. Go forward two segments, passing the easel in the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. Position 3 is the empty section between the two pieces of furniture in this hall.
go towards the chair on the blue path. at the chair, go left towards teh stool. when you reach the stool, you are at postion 7.
foward. left. left. all the way till almost the end. make a laft into fishy area. go to end.     
only one way to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward three times.
foward. right into blue floored hallway. keep going. make a rt into the pink flowered floor hallway. make 1st rt into dead end.
take the blue path towards the chair to the very end of the hall. here, go left. at the easel, take a right onto the wood path. go to the end of the hall. take a left, follow the path, and then take a right at the lamp. again, follow the path and take a left at the corner, at the end of this hall, take a left onto the green path. go several intersections down to the plain cement intersection and take a left. the very next intersection with the wood path is position 1.
move to the flowered carpet and turn left. move to the blue carpet and turn right. move to the corner and turn left. move to the easel and turn right. you should be facing wooden floor and butterflies on the walls. move between the butterfly pictures. this is 5.
go towards the lamp and at the corner, take a left. go straight again, and at the next corner, take a right onto the wood path. go down to the easel, and take a left. follow this path straight until you see the blue path. take a right onto the blue path and go straight towards the coat rack.  one intersection before the coat rack will be 3.
Look for grey tiled hall. Position 7 is in the middle of the hall, with a stool.
only one way to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn left walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward once.
with your back to the wall move to the chair and turn right. move to the next alley. in front is a hatrack and left is grey flooring.
go down toward the bench. make a left. then go down. make a right go one space foward.
move to the flowered carpet and turn left. move to the blue carpet and turn left. move along the blue one alley past the chair. in front is a hatrack and left is grey flooring.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection.  Go forward one segment to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. This contains a chair. Turn left. Go forward three segments to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall intersection.  This intersection contains an easel. Turn right. Go forward one segment.  This is Position 5.        Position 5 is in the wooden-floored hall. It is a hall section between the two sections of butterfly pictures.
blue floored area. pos 3 in between 2 furniture.
position 1 is in the middle of a red brick floored room.
go up the hall. turn right into the wood floored hall. position 5 is in the middle.
position 3 is in the middle of the blue tiled floor, in between the coat rack and a chair of some sort.
Face away from the easel. Go forward one segment to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the lamp.  Turn right. Go forward one segment to the empty corner.  This is Position 2.
Go toward the lamp. Having covered that one segment, turn left. Go forward one segment.  Turn right. Go forward two segments to the intersection with the easel. Directions after this point are uncertain until the new paragraph begins. Turn left. Go forward one segment. Turn right into the blue-tiled hall. Pass the pink-flowered carpet hall. To your left look for Position 7.  The stool is key.        Position 7 is the intersection of the stone hall with a bare concrete hall. It contains a stool.  At the other end of the bare concrete hall is the blue-tiled hall. The stone and blue-tiled halls intersect the yellow-tiled hall.
start facing the easel. walk forward and turn left at the easel. there should be blue carpet on the first alley. walk to that and turn right.  you should see an alley to your left. take it. the carpet has roses. go down the first alley to your right and stop at the end. this is p-6.
go towards the pink path intersection. once here, take a left onto the pink path. at the next intersection, take a left onto the blue path. take the blue path towards teh chair. at the chair, take a right. the next intersection is 7.
face and move to the chair. turn left. move to the next chair and turn right. move to the next alley and turn left. you see a chair and grass side alleys.  move to the chair and turn right. walk along the grass to the hatrack and turn right. move to the corner. from this corner you can view a lamp to your right and the hatrack you just came from. this is 2.
with your back to the wall, turn right. you see green carpet w/ octagons.  turn onto this carpet and move forward as far as you can. this is p-4.
go up the hall. position 1 is in the middle of the red brick floored room.
go forward and turn left at the rose carpet. move forward to the blue carpet. walk forward on the blue carpet till you get to a chair. turn right. there should be another chair. walk forward. this is p-7.
turn so that the wall is to your back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward until you come to the intersection of the brown hallways. turn left and walk forward twice. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
Go forward two segments to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go forward to the bare concrete intersection between two intersections containing furniture. This is Position 3.        If the yellow-tiled hall does not intersect the blue-tiled hall as I recall it doing, it wil intersect the stone hall.  Follow the stone hall right and, looking to your right, you should see the blue-tiled hall. The above description of the intersection which is Position 3 is accurate.
turn so that the wall is on your left and back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once turn right. walk forward twice. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward three times. turn right. walk forward once.
turn so that the wall is to your back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once, or until the pink hallway is on your right. turn right. walk forward once. turn right and walk forward once.
turn so that the wall is on your left. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward three times. turn left. walk forward three times.
go foward till the blue hallway. make a right. keep goin till the pink flowerd floor hallway. make a right into it. make the first right into a dead end. pos 6 is at the end.
Go forward two segments to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go forward to the far end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. This intersection contains an easel.  Turn right. Go forward two segments to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward one segment to the intersection containing the lamp. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the empty corner. This is Position 2.
take the black path away from the bench to the very end of the hall. here, take a left onto the yellow path. follow the path to the opposite end of the hall and here is 4.
foward till the end. right. foward till the end. look for a blue aesal.
turn so that the wall is on your right. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. the hallway to the right should be black. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward three times. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right and walk forward once.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Go forward one segment to the blue-tiled hall. Turn left. Go forward to the end of the hall. Turn left. Go forward two segments, passing the easel. Turn left. Go forward one segment. This is Position 1.
go straight towards teh black chair. at the chair, take a right. the second intersection down on the blue path is 3.
from two face towards the hat rack. turn onto the green carpet. walk until there is an exit on the left. you should be standing next to a stool.  walk forward. turn around when you hit the wall. to your left and right should be brick and in front of you the stool where you just came from.
move to the easel and turn left. the side alley has blue floor. move onto this and  stop at the chair. turn right. move to the stool. the side alley has stone flooring.
turn to where the wall is on your left side. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
only one direction to go. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward about four times...until you reach the yellow floors. turn left at the yellow floors and walk to the end of the hall.
position 5 is in the middle of the red brick floored room.
Go forward two segments to the intersection with the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go to the opposite end of the blue-tiled hall, passing the chair.  Turn left. Go forward two segments, passing the easel in the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. Turn left. Go forward to the empty intersection that has Eiffel tower pictures ahead of you and butterfly pictures behind you.  You should be able to see the grassy hall to your right. This is Position 1.
turn so that the wall is facing your left and back. walk forward once. turn left. walk forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
go to the blue flooored area. pos three is in between the two pieces of furniture in this hallway.
head toward the blue floored hallway. make a right on it. go down till you see the fish walled areas. make a left in the fish walled hallway and go to the very end.
take the yellow path towards the coat rack. at the coat rack, take a right onto the blue path. go 2 intersections down and you'll be at 3.
take the wood path towards the easel. at the easel, take a left to the next corner. at the corner, take a right onto the blue path and go all the way down until you reach a coat rack. at the coat rack, take a left onto the yellow path and go to the end of the hall. here is position 4.
position 4 is at the dead end of the yellow fish hall with yellow floors.
turn so that the wall is on your right. walk forward once. turn left to face the yellow hallway. walk forward to the far end.
turn so the wall is to your back. wlak forward once. turn right. walk forward once.
Look for grey tiled hall. Position 7 is in the middle of the grey hall and has i think a chair or coat rack or some sort of object.
with your back to the easel move into the corner and turn left. at the lamp turn right. move into the corner and turn left. you see a hatrack. this is 2.
face and move to  the sofa chair. turn left and move to this sofa chair. turn left again and move along the brick one alley. to your left is grey flooring with a wooden chair in the distance.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn to the right. Go forward one segment to the end of the hall. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the wooden-floored hall. This intersection contains an easel. Turn left. Go forward one segment. This is Position 5.
move to the flowered carpet and turn left. again move forward to the blue carpet and turn left. move forward past the chair to the hatrack. turn left and move straight to the end of the green octagon alley. this is 4.
move to the easel and turn right. the left side alley should be stone. if not turn around. move along the stone alley past the sofa chair. one alley past this chair...
position 5 is in the middle of the wood floored hall.
go to blue floor area. make 1st right go tward black floored area.
it's in the middle of the blue hall with two objects at either side.
face and move to the easel. turn left. the side alley to your right should be blue. if not turn around. move along the blue floored alley past the chair to the hatrack. turn left. p 4 is at the end of the alley with the green octagon floor. 
go to blue. then pink area. make 1st rt.
position 7 is in the middle of the grey floored hall with a coat rack or something.
move to hatrack and turn right. go down this blue floored alley past the chair to the end.  turn left. move to the easel with the wooden floored side alleys. turn right. you should see a longer alley than the one behind you. move one block to between the wall hanging butterflies. this is 5.
go to the fish area. pos 4 is at the dead end of one of the fish walled hallways.
foward to the fish. first left. go tot the end.
go straight towards the pink path and at this intersection take a left onto th epink path. at the next intersection, take a left onto the blue path. follow it all the way to the coat rack and take a left onto the yellow path. the end of this hall is 4.
go to the blue floored area. go to the pink floored area. make the first left into a dead ended street. pos 6 is at the end.
Find the butterfly halls. Pass a lampshade in the middle of a hall. Make a turn. position 2 is at the corner of two halls with no tiles on the floor but butterflies on the walls.
position 6 is in the hall with the rose floors. it is a dead end which branches off and has two pictures of the eiffel tower on the walls.
Place your back to the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn right. Go forward one segment to the intersection with the yellow-tiled hall. This intersection contains a hatrack. Turn left. Go forward two segments to the end of the hall. This is Position 4.
Go forward two segments to the intersection of the blue-tiled hall. Turn right. Go forward, passing the chair, to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet. Turn right. Go forward one segment. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 6.
go on the wood path towards the easel. at the easel, take a left and go to the corner where you will meet the blue path. take a right onto the blue path. at the very first intersection, you will be at the pink path. take a left onto the pink path and at the first intersection, go right. the very end of this hall is 6.
take the wood path towards the easel. at the easel, go right and follow the path to the end of the hall. at this corner, turn left onto the red brick. the next intersection is 1.
Place your back against the wall of the 'T' intersection. Turn to the left. Go forward to the intersection with the pink-flowered carpet hall, passing the chair. Turn right. Go forward one segment. Turn right. Go forward one segment. This is Position 6.
move to the flowered carpet and turn left. move along the blue carpet to the chair. turn right and move forward to the stool. the side alleys are stone. this is 7.
